and today I will be showing you a
peacock Furby boom opening box opening
and this is my first video ever so and
this is where I always wanted it's a
peacock bird this is the app or you can
like shower it it says clean for the
x-ray Furby and more and it comes with
the virtual egg when you go to the app
and yeah your Furby can hatch 50 virtual
eggs did you say wrong collect and hatch
your own phurba phurba wings eggs and
when I forgot to show you on the front
it says a new generation is hatching and
so let me open it
oh and here it says a mind of its own
and I learned about it that well the way
you play with it is the way it turns out
so if you be evil to it it'll turn out
you if you treat it nice it would be
nice yes
any funny L so this is the box that it
comes in I was showing you the paper
that's inside of it he comes with
stickers I think these are all the
patterns that it can come in so yeah put
that away and then it comes with this
this is a sticker I learned more about
it because I don't know what that means
yeah and then this is the big four this
is a big thing
you can shake it you can shake it you
can pull itself in seconds for it to go
to sleep you can feed it you don't have
to feed it with the app you can feed it
with your finger and now you can see the
rest of this you can hold it you can pet
it and it makes a noise and it can dance
and it can talk it talks some rubies
this down here shows you hello everybody
this is red Phoenix gaming here and I'm
doing J we're geniuses outros now if you
liked this unboxing video of the Furby
boom Phoenix then subscribe like and
comment tell me what tell us what you
think and
yeah we'll keep going more videos peace